# find . -name *.s | sed -e 's/^\.\///' | xargs dirname | awk -F'/' '{print $1" "$2 " jazz/"$3}'

crypto_stream chacha20 jazz/ref
crypto_stream chacha20 jazz/avx
crypto_stream chacha20 jazz/avx2
crypto_stream xsalsa20 jazz/avx2
crypto_core keccakf160064bits jazz/ref
crypto_core keccakf160064bits jazz/scalar
crypto_core keccakf160064bits jazz/avx2
crypto_core hsalsa20 jazz/ref

# crypto_kdf hkdfsha256 jazz/ref
# crypto_kdf hkdfsha256 jazz/ref0
# crypto_kdf hkdfsha256 jazz/inplace
# crypto_hash2curve expand_message jazz/xmd
# crypto_hash2curve expand_message jazz/xmd

crypto_auth hmacsha256 jazz/ref
crypto_auth hmacsha256 jazz/ref0
crypto_auth hmacsha256 jazz/inplace
crypto_scalarmult curve25519 jazz/ref4
crypto_scalarmult curve25519 jazz/ref5
crypto_scalarmult curve25519 jazz/mulx
crypto_scalarmult curve25519 jazz/avx2
crypto_hash sha512 jazz/ref0
crypto_hash sha3384 jazz/scalar
crypto_hash sha3384 jazz/avx2
crypto_hash sha256 jazz/ref
crypto_hash sha256 jazz/ref0
crypto_hash sha256 jazz/inplace
crypto_hash sha3512 jazz/scalar
crypto_hash sha3512 jazz/avx2
crypto_hash sha3224 jazz/scalar
crypto_hash sha3224 jazz/avx2
crypto_hash sha3256 jazz/scalar
crypto_hash sha3256 jazz/avx2
crypto_hash shake256 jazz/ref
crypto_hash shake256 jazz/scalar
crypto_hash shake256 jazz/avx2
crypto_hash shake128 jazz/scalar
crypto_hash shake128 jazz/avx2
crypto_hash keccak1600 jazz/ref
crypto_hash keccak1600 jazz/scalar
crypto_hash keccak1600 jazz/avx2
crypto_onetimeauth poly1305 jazz/ref3
crypto_onetimeauth poly1305 jazz/avx
crypto_onetimeauth poly1305 jazz/avx2
crypto_hashblocks sha512 jazz/ref0
crypto_hashblocks sha256 jazz/ref
crypto_hashblocks sha256 jazz/ref0
crypto_hashblocks sha256 jazz/inplace
